Added info about FEC in opus encoder. (#164)
software-mansion-labs/smelter-website: src/content/docs/ts-sdk/outputs/rtp.mdx

    - `voip` - Recommended for VoIP and videoconferencing applications, prioritizing listening quality and speech intelligibility.
    - `lowest_latency` - Recommended **only** when achieving the lowest possible latency is the highest priority.

--- 

#### sampleRate
Sample rate.

- **Type**: `u32`
- **Default value**: `48000`
- **Supported values**: `8000`, `16000`, `24000`, `48000`

---

#### forwardErrorCorrection

> Specifies whether the stream uses forward error correction. It’s specific for the `Opus` codec. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether the stream uses forward error correction. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
```

It is in the opus section, so it's unnecessary here

> Specifies whether the stream uses forward error correction. It’s specific for the `Opus` codec. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Reviewer: "Specifies" makes sense on input where we do not control that and are providing information to the smelter. Here we are configuring, controling or enabling error correction.
e.g.
Configure whether the stream should include redundant data that can be used for error correction in case of packet loss.

and [4.2.5](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-4.2.5)

- **Type**: `bool`
- **Default value**: `false`

---

#### expectedPacketLoss

> Expected approximate packet loss percentage. When forward error correction is enabled this value should be greater than 0.

Reviewer: "Expected approximate" does not sound natural. If you are talking about packet loss "approximate" is kind of implied.

Also, I think this is a good place to explain how this value is used. e.g. "This value controls how much error correction information wll be included in the stream"

    - `voip` - Recommended for VoIP and videoconferencing applications, prioritizing listening quality and speech intelligibility.
    - `lowest_latency` - Recommended **only** when achieving the lowest possible latency is the highest priority.

--- 

#### sampleRate
Sample rate.

- **Type**: `u32`
- **Default value**: `48000`
- **Supported values**: `8000`, `16000`, `24000`, `48000`

---

#### forwardErrorCorrection

> Configures whether the stream uses forward error correction. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Author: ```suggestion
Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction bits in audio chunk. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
```

> Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction bits in audio chunk. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)

Author: ```suggestion
Configures whether the encoder includes forward error correction frames in an audio chunk. For more information, visit RFC specification sections [2.1.7](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6716#section-2.1.7)
```
